
What is Maven – difference between maven clean and Test?
How to disable cookies using Selenium
Diff. Link text & partial Link text?

1 scenario asked ,about timeline how will you manage 
 Suppose you have to test a feature with 100 sets of data. How will you do this

you need to test only the login module 10 times & on 11th time you have to do 
login again to test some of the core features. How you will do 

 How you use Jenkins in your project
Note: They ask to write code in notepad and ask to run on online editor during interview. 
They share ms teams lin

1st catch has Exception classname, 2nd catch has child exception classname.
Qn: If second exception is thrown in the try block, which catch block would be referred
Runtime polymorphismP p = new C();
p.display();
P is parent class, C is child class, display method is present in both the parent and child 
classes, which one would get executed

Runtime polymorphismP p = new C();
p.display();
P is parent class, C is child class, display method is present in both the parent and child 
classes, which one would get executed

Plug-in to generate reports in mave

. Can Static Method Be Overridde

Lets say u have 1000 test for regression and 60% of testcases failed on the execution day.. 
what will be your approach here?? How will u know why these test cases failed?? What you 
will answer to your manager??

Tell me the test case status pass or fail & which exception u will use??
Scenario 1. in try block u gave correct user id and correct password and then catch block
Scenario 2. In try block u gave correct user id and wrong password and then catch block

6. How will u convert a already existing java project into gradle project.. what are the things 
u need to write inside the build.gradle file?


what is class loader ?? Have u used in ur framework?

what is class loader ?? Have u used in ur framework?


one question on scenario based where u need to verify whether the final ratings are 
coming as average of all the ratings.. lets say there are 1000 of ratings in ‘n’ number of 
pages.. how will u go to automate this test case??

What will be your manual test case approach if you got a new module to test?

) If you have a single option to choose by means of Severity and Priority what should be 
your answer?

Lets say u have 1000 test for regression and 60% of testcases failed on the execution day.. 
what will be your approach here?? How will u know why these test cases failed?? What you 
will answer to your manager??


Tell me about different types of java exception
Tell me the test case status pass or fail & which exception u will use??
 Scenario 1. in try block u gave correct user id and correct password and then catch block
Scenario 2. In try block u gave correct user id and wrong password and then catch block

How will u convert a already existing java p


What is difference between @FindBY and findB

If you are required to make any changes to your selenium files in a maven project, how 
can you achieve that?

5 I have a method add(int,string,string,string);
I am implementing this method, what is the optimised way to implement the method , can I 
reduce the number of argument if yes how?


SQL:
1. Write query to select the count of total employee from one department out of so 
many
2. Write query to find the total count of employee in each department: i.e. department 
wise employee count should be returned
3. Difference between union and union all
4. Two tables have one thing in common employee id: one table has following 
columns i.e. employeeid, name, department, and second table has following columns: 
employeeId, Project, Salary
a. Find out the employees of project p1 and having salary over 10000 and less 
than 30000

tell me the ATLC life cycl

Write a script to open the Firefox without using FirefoxDriver clas

What is manual correlation? How do you handle it?

what is future file??

how many test case you have  exicuted  till yet??

how many percent you have automated  tested your project
